# Game-of-Life-
It is a module that allows the creation of a grid that evolves using the rules of the game : Game of Life, with some variations.

With this module, you can create an empty grid of chosen size (default size = 100). Then you can make an animation using animation() or animationBC(). The first method initialize the grid using randomGrid() while in the latter the grid is initialized using gridWithBc(BoundaryConditions), which impose the specified boundary conditions on the edges while the rest of the grid is generated with randomGrid(). This last creates a grid randomly such that the global density is almost equal to denGeneration (default value=0.5). The BoundaryConditions argument is a method that can be  selected from onbc(), offbc() and pbc(). They generate respectively a boundary with all the pixels on, a boundary whith all the pixels off and a periodic boundary. In the latter case, the grid can be seen as a toroidal. Both the animation method produce an animation of duration equal to frameNum (default value = 500) but the animationBC() update the grid taking care of the boundary conditions.
In the animation are used update methods. It's possible to create some new Conway's-like rules to update the grid using parameters inf, sup and balance (default value = 0 for all of them). pGame is a parameter (default value =1) which define the probablity to update the (i, j) pixel using the Conway's laws. When these laws are not applied and the inf/sup/balance are all zeros the state of (i, j) is updated randomly, otherwise it will follow the new rule defined by inf/sup/balance.
There are also some other methods that can be used to add some subgrid, glider and Gosper glider gun. Other methods are implemented to make a simple study of the density of the grid during the evolution. The details are present as comments in the code.
